How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Seeing the comparison with the previous version clearly noticed the difference in the modified or new lines or canceled.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    The evolution of a file allows us to identify the improvements made ​​since the beginning but also lets us know the busiest periods or lower evolution.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros are the ability to control the commit in logical groups related to modifications of the same new feature/fix.
    The cons are referred to the possibility of losing your job if you forget to run the commit waiting to long.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git version control is think on products, which is referred to software in most cases, which by definition, evolving with the addition of improvement and / or fix to the product, identified by groups of impacted files.
    Others, like Google Docs, are designed for frequency synchronized with the central repository, because the main feature of the product is not to lose any modification.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log allows individuate the evolution of files thanks to the comments of each commit. git diff , however, it helps to know in detail the modifications between two commits previously selected.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because in case of application crash(even partial) we can find the bug using the comparison with commits previous to the bug (using git checkout)

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Learning with some interesting repos.